Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. – William Penn
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. – Leo Tolstoy
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind. – Nathaniel Hawthorne
Lost time is never found again. – Benjamin Franklin
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. – William Shakespeare
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don’t have time' is to say 'I don’t want to.' – Lao Tzu
Time is the wisest counselor of all. – Pericles
The key is in not spending time, but in investing it. – Stephen R. Covey
Punctuality is the thief of time. – Oscar Wilde
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. – William Penn
Time is a created thing. – Lao Tzu
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot. – Michael Altshuler
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. – Theophrastus
Time waits for no one. – Folklore
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. – Marthe Troly-Curtin
It is not length of life, but depth of life. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Time is a great healer, but a poor beautician. – Lucille S. Harper
Time brings all things to pass. – Aeschylus
The way we spend our time defines who we are. – Jonathan Estrin
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. – Theophrastus
Time is an illusion. – Albert Einstein
You may delay, but time will not. – Benjamin Franklin
The future starts today, not tomorrow. – Pope John Paul II
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. – Carl Sandburg
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time. – Jim Rohn
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters. – Margaret Peters
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. – Andy Warhol
Time is the longest distance between two places. – Tennessee Williams
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don’t have time' is to say 'I don’t want to.' – Lao Tzu
Time is the wisest counselor of all. – Pericles
The trouble is, you think you have time. – Buddha
The key is in not spending time, but in investing it. – Stephen R. Covey
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. – Nelson Mandela
Time is money. – Benjamin Franklin
Time is the fire in which we burn. – Delmore Schwartz
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst. – William Penn
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind. – Nathaniel Hawthorne
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love. – Tom Robbins
Time spent with cats is never wasted. – Sigmund Freud
Time and tide wait for no man. – Geoffrey Chaucer
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be. – Paul Valéry
There is more to life than increasing its speed. – Mahatma Gandhi
Time heals what reason cannot. – Seneca
Time flies. It’s up to you to be the navigator. – Robert Orben
Time waits for no one. – Folklore

